Retail Salesperson
Customer service representative (m/f/d)
persona service AG & Co. KG Nuremberg
Full-time
Nuremberg, Middle Franconia
from now on
permanent
Yesterday
Employer logo
Job description
Position within the framework of temporary employment
Think the perfect job for you doesn't exist? Well, we've had a completely different experience. With us, you'll find the perfect commercial job that fits your life plans and where personal support and mutual appreciation are a given.
Customer Service Representative (m/f/d)

in Nuremberg

14.00 - 16.00 per hour

What you can look forward to with this customer:

modern workplace
comprehensive induction and training
long-term employment with takeover
very good accessibility by public transport
Coffee, tea and water are available free of charge
What you can always rely on with persona service:

50 monthly free for your mobility depending on your position, e.g. for the Deutschlandticket and much more.
Bonuses as well as holiday and Christmas bonuses
Free tutoring for your children on the learning and tutoring platform Ubimaster
Numerous shopping discounts from well-known brands through our corporate benefits program
excellent personal support and regular feedback sessions
diverse training opportunities
What your tasks are:

You are responsible for answering customer calls on the telephone in various projects
Processing customer inquiries is also part of your responsibilities
The collection and processing of customer data completes your area of ​​responsibility
What we want from you:

You have already gained experience in retail, gastronomy or another area with direct customer contact
As a career changer (m/f/d) you are welcome
Ideally, you have basic knowledge of MS Office
You have a friendly demeanor and excellent communication skills
You are characterized by a high level of customer orientation and team spirit
Apply now!
Design your career the way you want it – with us by your side! At persona service, you'll find the job with the freedom you need right now.

With locations nationwide and more than 55 years of experience in the context of people and work, persona service is one of Germany's most successful personnel service providers. We have many jobs in the commercial sector, offering a wealth of opportunities and scope for development.

"DO WHAT YOU WANT!"

Workplaces

Show map
90429 Nuremberg, Middle Franconia
Company profile: persona service AG & Co. KG NurembergEmployer logo
persona service AG & Co. KG Nuremberg

-In 1967, persona service was one of the first personnel service providers in Germany.
-Market-leading provider with over 200 locations nationwide and branches in Switzerland.
-persona service is one of the top personnel service providers in Germany .
-Above-tariff pay
. -Introduction of industry bonuses in the metal and electrical engineering, as well as the chemical industry.
-Training and further education of its employees with numerous continuing education opportunities: in-house as "training on the job", documented, for example, in the qualification pass.

SteA's mainly in the commercial and industrial sector
- in summary a very good personnel service provider
Homepage
View all open positions
Information on the application
Security query
We protect the employer's contact information from unauthorized access. Please enter the characters shown in the text field to display the employer's contact information.

Security query
Load another image
Play audio version
Note: The characters shown do not contain umlauts (ä, ö, ü or ß), special characters or spaces.

Characters shown
Submit
Foot area

Position supervised by the BA

Reference No.: 12122-160988-1637196-0-S
Last edited on: 08.04.2025
Report violation