Retail Salesperson
Retail Salesperson
Omega Industrieservice GmbH
Full-time
Weilheim an der Teck
from now on
permanent
26 days ago
Employer logo
Job description
Position within the framework of temporary employment
For a customer in Weilheim an der Teck, we are looking for you as a temporary employee for a timely employment contract.

Retail clerk (m/f/d).

This is your everyday life:

Attractive presentation and labeling of goods and sales counters
Conducting consultation and sales discussions
Handling digital market and cash register systems
Ordering, checking and storing goods
What you bring with you:

Completed training as a retail salesperson (m/f/d)
You are friendly and love dealing with customers
You are physically fit and resilient
Shift work from 6:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
Willingness to work Saturdays
This is what we offer you:

A modern working environment and a very good working atmosphere
Working in a dynamic and helpful team
Travel expenses allowance
Take over if the customer wishes to perform well
An attractive salary with additional benefits
Above-tariff pay according to MTV-BAP
Sounds good? Then send us your application today.

You can also contact us via WhatsApp at 0176/444 44 008

Workplaces

Show map
73235 Weilheim an der Teck
Company profile: Omega Industrieservice GmbHEmployer logo
Omega Industrieservice GmbH

Personnel services
Headquarters: 89558 Böhmenkirch
Omega Industrieservice GmbH and Omega-Service GmbH are two modern and dynamic personnel service providers in the Omega Group.

Our customers include well-known clients in the Stuttgart, Kirchheim/Teck, Göppingen and Ulm regions, as well as craft businesses, district offices and other public institutions.

Our goal is to provide you with secure, long-term employment with the potential for continued employment that matches your qualifications and aspirations.

We are interested in every applicant and would be happy to show you the possibilities.

Apply today. We want to make the process as easy as possible for you, from initial contact to employment. Simply send us your resume to lasslop@omega-service.de , without any additional cover letters or references. Don't forget to include a phone number where you can be reached. You can also contact us via WhatsApp at 0176/444 44 008.

We look forward to seeing you.

Homepage
View all open positions
View full company profile
Information on the application
Security query
We protect the employer's contact information from unauthorized access. Please enter the characters shown in the text field to display the employer's contact information.

Security query
Load another image
Play audio version
Note: The characters shown do not contain umlauts (ä, ö, ü or ß), special characters or spaces.

Characters shown
Submit
Foot area

Position supervised by the BA

Reference No.: 10001-1001249228-S
Last edited on: 18.03.2025
Report violation