Retail Salesperson
Service employee (f/m/d)
Bw Clothing Management GmbH
Full-time
Part-time (morning, afternoon)
Eckernförde
from now on
limited until 31.12.2026
Yesterday
Employer logo
Job description
The clothing of the Bundeswehr is our job.

From specification to tendering, awarding, quality assurance, logistics, sales and processing, Bw Bekleidungsmanagement GmbH (BwBM) is responsible for the entire value chain of Bundeswehr clothing – from shoes to helmets.

We use this to dress around 250,000 active soldiers, reservists and civilian employees of the Bundeswehr.

As comprehensive as our mission is, so diverse are the career opportunities we offer our approximately 1,800 employees at our headquarters in Cologne or at one of our approximately 110 locations throughout Germany. We offer secure jobs and are constantly growing.

We are looking for you – limited until 31.12.2026 – full-time for our service station in Eckernförde as:

Service employee (f/m/d)

In addition to warehousing, the service station is responsible for all business processes, including clothing supply, unclothing, refitting, and exchange for our customers, and also offers services such as tailoring.

Your tasks
: You are responsible for the issue, return, and exchange of clothing and equipment to soldiers and civilian employees.

· You advise customers on equipment and supplies.

· You carry out the necessary inventory postings in the inventory management system.

· You will be responsible for unloading trucks, receiving goods, storing them and returning them.

· You will support inventory counts and take on other special tasks.

Your profile
· You ideally have completed training as a retail clerk (m/f/d) or a comparable commercial qualification, for example as a salesperson (f/m/d).

· You have relevant professional experience, for example in retail or warehouse.

· You have good IT skills, especially in MS Office and inventory management systems.

· You think and act in a customer-oriented manner and work independently.

· You work diligently and on time.

What we offer:
As an in-house federal company, we offer you a secure job with the following benefits:

· The possibility of later transfer to a permanent employment relationship

Regulated working hours without shift or weekend work

· Market-based remuneration with a clear development structure

· Interesting and varied tasks

· A culture of respect, reliability and commitment

· Individual, internal and external training opportunities

A performance-based compensation system, a culture of feedback and, as a rule, an annual performance-based salary adjustment

Have we piqued your interest?

Then we look forward to receiving your complete application documents in digital form (cover letter, CV and references in PDF format ) stating the keyword "Service Employee (f/m/d) Eckernförde" , your notice period and your salary expectations , exclusively by email, by April 29, 2025.

In the spirit of sustainability and to avoid delays in the process, we only consider applications in digital form via email.

Information about data processing at the BwBM can be found at www.bwbm.de/datenschutz .

We expressly welcome applications from severely disabled people.

Bw Clothing Management GmbH

Human Resources Department | Ms. Miriam Westerhoff

Edmund-Rumpler-Straße 8-10 | 51149 Cologne

Tel.: +49 2203-9128-538

Email:          bewerbungnord@bwbm.de

Homepage:    www.bwbm.de

Workplaces

Show map
Rosseer Weg 29-31, 24340 Eckernförde
Company profile: Bw Bekleidungsmanagement GmbHEmployer logo
Bw Clothing Management GmbH

From specifications to tendering, contract awarding, and quality assurance, to logistics, sales, and processing, Bw Bekleidungsmanagement GmbH (BwBM) is responsible for the entire value chain of Bundeswehr clothing – from shoes to helmets.
We clothe approximately 250,000 active soldiers, reservists, and civilian employees of the Bundeswehr.
Our mission is as comprehensive as the career opportunities we offer our approximately 1,700 employees at our headquarters in Cologne or at one of our approximately 110 locations throughout Germany.

Homepage
View all open positions
Information on the application
Security query
We protect the employer's contact information from unauthorized access. Please enter the characters shown in the text field to display the employer's contact information.

Security query
Load another image
Play audio version
Note: The characters shown do not contain umlauts (ä, ö, ü or ß), special characters or spaces.

Characters shown
Submit
Foot area

Position supervised by the BA

Reference No.: 10001-1001329841-S
Last edited on: 09.04.2025
Report violation