Retail Salesperson
Retail Saleswoman (m/f/d)
jobGIGANT GmbH & Co. KG
Full-time
Part-time (morning, afternoon, evening)
Flöha
from now on
permanent
Yesterday
Employer logo
Job description
Position within the framework of temporary employment
Retail Saleswoman (m/f/d)

Location: Flöha
Working hours: 25 - 35 hours per week

Do you live in the greater Flöha area and are you looking for a new challenge?
Do you want stability and a long-term perspective in a permanent team?
Do you already have experience in the food retail industry or are you motivated to learn new things?

Then take the initiative and contact us now! Your personal contact is Mr. Wengler.
We are looking for YOU as a retail salesperson (m/f/d). The position is available part-time or full-time, depending on your requirements.

For your efforts you will receive:

structured training, accompanied by experienced staff
an hourly wage of at least EUR 15.00, the exact amount depends on your previous career
a permanent part-time or full-time employment contract
Special payments such as holiday and Christmas bonuses
for shopping in your region the Ticket Plus® City Card from Edenred (up to 50 EUR/month tax-free) - also usable as a fuel voucher
permanent support and your personal contact at jobGIGANT
And this is what you should bring with you:

ideally a completed apprenticeship in the food retail sector or initial practical professional experience in this field
customer- and service-oriented thinking and acting
Enjoy working in a team, but also have a structured way of working to take on tasks independently
Time flexibility to be available during normal store opening hours
You are responsible for:

full shelves and can be used in different areas of the market depending on the agreement
a smooth checkout process
friendly and competent advice to customers
a clean, tidy working environment
And now it's your turn! Need more information? Give us a call! Or send your application directly:

by email: info@jobgigant.eu
via WhatsApp: 491774453191
via our job portal at http://www.jobgigant.eu
by post to jobGIGANT GmbH & Co. KG / Frankenberger Str. 2 / 09573 Augustusburg
You can reach us by phone at 037291-138593
We strive to process every application promptly. If you haven't heard from us within five days, please feel free to contact us!

Workplaces

Show map
09557 Flöha
Company profile: jobGIGANT GmbH & Co. KGEmployer logo
jobGIGANT GmbH & Co. KG

What does jobGIGANT offer you and how can you benefit from our experience?

jobGIGANT is THE personnel service provider for the retail sector in Saxony and Thuringia.

Our customers are mainly well-known supermarket chains, but also bakeries and smaller grocery stores.

You can expect a permanent assignment with our client with the option of being taken on after a careful training phase.

Homepage
View all open positions
Information on the application
Security query
We protect the employer's contact information from unauthorized access. Please enter the characters shown in the text field to display the employer's contact information.

Security query
Load another image
Play audio version
Note: The characters shown do not contain umlauts (ä, ö, ü or ß), special characters or spaces.

Characters shown
Submit
Foot area
Position supervised by employer

Reference No.: 15511-AU3A7C0ZUDHL20Z8-S
Last edited on: 08.04.2025
Report violation