Retail Salesperson
Retail Salesperson (m/f/d)
KÖTTER Personal Service SE & Co. KG
Part-time (morning, afternoon)
Homeworking/teleworking
Münster, Westphalia
from now on
permanent
Today
Employer logo
Job description
Remuneration: from 2,500 €
Position within the framework of temporary employment
This is us:
KÖTTER Personal Service is one of Germany's leading personnel service providers and, as an independent division of the KÖTTER Group, has been specializing in temporary employment since 1997. Quality and employee satisfaction are an integral part of the KÖTTER corporate philosophy and thus the foundation of our actions.

Retail Salesperson (m/f/d)

Location: Münster, Westphalia
Employment type(s): Full-time

Salesperson (m/f/d) Beverage Retail Store
Your chance for a job as a retail salesperson (m/f/d) Beverage Retail Store in Münster

Working model: Full-time
Working hours: industry
standard Remuneration: from €2,500

Our promise

30 vacation days per year
Professional training and on-site contact persons
Remuneration according to the tariff and punctual payment
Collaboration with an appreciative and motivated team
A crisis-proof workplace
Corporate Benefits: Benefit from employee discounts at over 800 well-known providers
Your tasks

Customer service
Cash insert
Product presentation and placement
Product range maintenance
This is what you bring with you

successfully completed commercial vocational training in retail (m/f/d), but career changers are also welcome
Experience and knowledge in the cash register area as well as knowledge of food retail and customer service is an advantage
Customer orientation and strong communication skills
You are a reliable team player and have a high level of commitment
Accurate and reliable working methods are a matter of course for you
Contact details for job posting.
Does this sound like your dream job? Let's find out together. We look forward to receiving your application!

*** Online application via jobs-koetter.de
*** Contact: Mr. Mehmet Vorwerk
*** Phone: 01732788895
*** Email: bewerbung.muenster@koetter.de
*** WhatsApp: 01732788895

Department(s): Retail

Workplaces

Show map
48161 Münster, Westphalia
Company profile: KÖTTER Personal Service SE & Co. KGEmployer logo
KÖTTER Personal Service SE & Co. KG

Security
cleaning
temporary employment
Headquarters: Essen, Ruhr
Founded: 1931
Company size: 14800
The traditional  family business

KÖTTER Services comprises the four divisions of Security, Cleaning, Personal Services, and Facility Services. In Germany, we are represented by more than 90 branches at over 50 locations. Our 14,800 employees generated group sales of €627 million in 2023.

Homepage
View all open positions
View full company profile
Information on the application
Security query
We protect the employer's contact information from unauthorized access. Please enter the characters shown in the text field to display the employer's contact information.

Security query
Load another image
Play audio version
Note: The characters shown do not contain umlauts (ä, ö, ü or ß), special characters or spaces.

Characters shown
Submit
Foot area
Position supervised by employer

Reference No.: 12222-Y9Q48J281D6DE0WB-S
Last edited on: 13.04.2025
Report violation